So we're working on that fallback and we're able to choose a file with the file picker which we opened
for the user when we when the user tries to take a picture on the device that doesn't have a camera
or where we think that there is no camera.
And we learned that this event optic here has a target property which has a files property which holds
the file.
So now we just have to extract the file from there.
So our picked file here can be found on the event target files list there.
It's the first element
now typescript does note at our events.
Target is an element that has a files property and therefore we should convert this by wrapping event
target in brackets in parentheses.
And then we can add a conversion here with as HD him El input element and this makes it clear yes there
will be a files property.
So that is to pick file.
Now please remember that for the camera we're actually getting a base 64 string.
And indeed I need such a string here as well to review that image.
Thankfully we can convert is a relatively easy.
First of all I want to check if we don't have a picked file for some reason and then I just want to
exit here and not continue.
You might want to show an alert message here of course.
But if we do have an image then we can use a tool named file reader which I store here in a constant
named F R because we have to instantiate a file reader instance by calling you file reader and the file
reader has a read as data you are L method to which we can pass our picked file and this will convert
to a base64 string.
This is actually an asynchronous task and therefore here we don't get these base64 string as a result
but instead we have to register on Load method here on the file reader and we want to do that before
we start converting and that this is an anonymous function that will be executed once to file reader
is done doing whichever operation we tell him to do.
And here will get our data you are so that base64 your El by accessing the file reader result property
that will be set once to file reader is done reading our data you are El to be precise we have to call
to string here to get a valid you URL and then we can set this selected image equal to data you are
l like this.
So now we should see a preview for our picked image as well.
We're not emitting it yet.
That will be the next step but we can see it there hopefully.
So let's wait for that to reload and let's take a picture here.
Select that image.
Here it is.
So now that works here as well as a next step let's make sure we emit this picked image here just as
we emit the other image.